{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Trebuchet MS;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red102\green102\blue102;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\keep\keepn\sl276\slmult1\qc\f0\fs42\lang9 Untitled Code Cabana RPG\par
(Working Titles: Aurumlux, The Grand Disappearance, A Legend from Nothing)\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\qc\cf1\fs26\par
\cf0\fs32 Overview\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs26\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b Theme / Setting / Genre\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b0\tab - Alt. Reality Fantasy Role-playing Game - Medieval Era\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b Core Gameplay Mechanics Brief\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b0\tab - Click and drag character movement, NPC companions\par

\pard\fi720\sl276\slmult1 - Basic click to pick-up, inventory system, quick spells and potions\par
- Third person, full control camera\par
- Gain respect by completing tasks for locals, who can reveal helpful information to you - once you earn their respect.\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b Targeted platform(s)\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b0\tab - PC\par
\tab - Nintendo Switch/Xbox/PlayStation\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b Project Scope \par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b0\tab\cf0 - Time\par

\pard\fi720\sl276\slmult1\cf1 - Core Team - Riley Waldo, Connor Hegion, Brendan Nothof\par
- Riley Waldo - Lead game dev, coding, asset construction\par
- Connor Hegion - Sound & game design, level construction\par
- Brendan Nothof - Art design, asset construction\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b Influences (Brief)\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb160\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs24\tab - Influences\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b0\fs26\tab\tab - The Legend of Zelda, Dungeons & Dragons, The Elder Scrolls, FATE, Malazan Book of the Fallen, The Lord of the Rings\par
\tab\tab - Brief explanation of influences\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b The Pitch (reduce to two sentences)\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b0 A light-hearted linear-world role-playing game of high intrigue. A vagrant family arriving in a bountiful new land goes missing overnight - you, the lone child left behind, must discover the truth behind your family's disappearance, and it's relation to the corrupt Emperor Kilbor, whose family has ruled the land for 2,000 years.\cf0\b\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 Project Description (Brief):\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 2-3 paragraphs\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b Project Description (Detailed)\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 4-6 paragraphs\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 Unique Game Mechanics\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs26 List of what sets this game apart\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b Core Gameplay Mechanics (Detailed)\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb160\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs24\tab - Core Gameplay Mechanic\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b0\fs26\tab\tab - Detailed Description (1 - 2 paragraphs)\par
\tab\tab - How it works (1 - 2 paragraphs)\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb160\sl276\slmult1\cf2\b\fs24\tab\cf1\fs26\par
\cf0\b0\fs32 Story and Gameplay\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\f1\fs22\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs26 Story (Main Beats)\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\b0\f1\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\cf1\f0\fs26 Set in the Empire of Aurumlux, a nation under perpetual rule of the Kilbor family, who has ruled the land since the capital city of Aurumlux was first settled by Lucius Kilbor in the 5th Era\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}You are the lone child in a family of vagrants making your way from the Sapphire Coast to find employment in the mainland.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}You are abruptly awakened during your first night in Aurumlux to discover your family being forcefully taken by numerous cloaked figures. They do not notice you. You must discover the truth behind what happened. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Starting from nothing, you will do whatever it takes to recover your family before it is too late.\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b Story (Detailed) - May require revisions\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\b0\f1\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\cf1\f0\fs26 Aurumlux, a rich, expansive nation set directly to the east of the lowly, dilapidated Sapphire Coast, is a country in turmoil. Between the three classes, Royal, Laborist, and Barbaric, there is civil unrest. The upper-class, wealthy Royal families are in charge of most things. Shipping, trading, and mining. The Laborists are the common working class, who work the pubs, the shipping companies, and the general stores. The Barbarians are under the ball and chain of the Royal families, particularly the Empyreal Kilbor family, who owns the Barbarians like slaves and uses them for cheap labor in the gem mines under the Three Peaks. The Barbarians were on the cusp of overthrowing the Empire when the late Emperor Kilbor the Third used his vast military forces to banish the Barbarians to the gem mines. All it would take is a few extra hands to help the Barbarians take back the castle, and claim Aurumlux for their rightful ownership, as it is their ancestral land.\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b Gameplay (Brief)\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b0 Summarize how the game should play\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b Gameplay (Detailed)\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b0 Incorporate the Game Mechanics in a detailed description of gameplay\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 Assets Needed\par
\b\fs26 - 2D\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\b0\tab - Textures\cf1\par
\cf0\tab - Heightmap Data\cf1\par
\cf0\tab - Photogrammetry Data\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl276\slmult1\b - 3D\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\b0\tab - Characters List\par
\cf1\tab\tab - Ulvor - Main Character - A young boy whose vagrant family is kidnapped upon arriving in Aurumlux. He gains the trust of the people of Aurumlux, and through honest jobs, gets the information he needs to bring down the Kilbor family for good.\par
\tab\tab - Emperor Fennick Kilbor IV - Main Antagonist - A young Royal who is cast to the throne after the death of his father, Emperor Fennick Kilbor the Third. He is only a teenager, and is emotionally unstable, and doesn't fully understand the depth and complexities of politics. He was told by his late father to not let any new blood taint the soil of this once great land. The Barbarians are the ancestral race of Aurumlux, but they abandoned it eras ago once the Kilbor family claimed the throne and banished the impure Barbarians to the Sapphire Coast. Upon re-entry, the Barbarians entered Aurumlux, As such, he had Barbarians banished to the gem mines, where they are never to leave. This murderous secret is the reason behind the kidnapping of Ulvor's family. Any new blood that enters the country is kidnapped by Kilbor's secret guard, and are kept under lock and key until a valuable purpose is discovered for them. Usually cheap labor.\par
\cf0\tab - Environmental Art Lists\par
\cf1\tab\tab - Environment\par
\tab\tab\tab - Asset\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b - Sound\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\b0\tab - Sound List\par
\tab\tab - Environment(s)\par
\tab\tab\tab - Ambient - Cave, Ocean, Port Mireworth, Mylar Town, Aurumlux City, Barbarian Gem Mines, Peak Threi, Kilbor's Castle\par
\tab\tab - Character(s)\par
\tab\tab\tab - Movement\par
\tab\tab\tab - Actions (Hits, Attacks, Death, etc.)\par
\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl276\slmult1\b - Code\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\b0\tab - Character Scripts\par
\tab\tab - List\par
\tab - Game Managers\par

\pard\fi720\sl276\slmult1\cf1\tab - List\par
\cf0 - NPC Scripts\par
\cf1\tab - List\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b - Animation\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\b0\tab - Environment Animations \par
\cf1\tab\tab - List\par
\cf0\tab - Character Animations \par
\tab\tab - Player\par

\pard\fi720\li1440\sl276\slmult1\cf1 - List\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\tab\tab - NPC\par
\cf1\tab\tab\tab - List\cf0\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl276\slmult1\fs32 Schedule\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb160\sl276\slmult1\cf2\b\fs24\tab - Game Stage (Prototype, Alpha, Beta, Final)\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\f1\fs22\tab\tab - Time Frame\par
\cf1\f0\fs26\tab\tab\tab - Milestone\par
\tab\tab\tab - Milestone\par
\cf0\par
}
 