{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Trebuchet MS;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red102\green102\blue102;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\keep\keepn\sl276\slmult1\qc\f0\fs42\lang9 Untitled Code Cabana RPG\par
(Working Titles: Aurumlux, The Grand Disappearance, A Legend from Nothing)\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\qc\cf1\fs26\par
\cf0\fs32 Overview\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs26\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b Theme / Setting / Genre\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b0\tab - Alt. Reality Fantasy Role-playing Game - Medieval Era\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b Core Gameplay Mechanics Brief\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b0\tab - Click and drag character movement, NPC companions\par

\pard\fi720\sl276\slmult1 - Basic click to pick-up, inventory system, quick spells and potions\par
- Third person, full control camera\par
- Gain respect by completing tasks for locals, who can reveal helpful information to you - once you earn their respect.\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b Targeted platform(s)\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b0\tab - PC\par
\tab - Nintendo Switch/Xbox/PlayStation\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b Project Scope \par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b0\tab\cf0 - Time\par

\pard\fi720\sl276\slmult1\cf1 - Core Team - Riley Waldo, Connor Hegion, Brendan Nothof\par
- Riley Waldo - Lead game dev, coding, asset construction\par
- Connor Hegion - Sound & game design, level construction\par
- Brendan Nothof - Art design, asset construction\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b Influences\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb160\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs24\tab - Influences\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b0\fs26\tab\tab - The Legend of Zelda, Dungeons & Dragons, The Elder Scrolls, FATE, Malazan Book of the Fallen, The Lord of the Rings\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b The Pitch\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b0 A light-hearted linear-world role-playing game of high intrigue. A vagrant family arriving in a bountiful new land goes missing overnight - you, the lone child left behind, must discover the truth behind your family's disappearance, and it's relation to the corrupt Emperor Kilbor, whose family has ruled the land for 2,000 years.\cf0\b\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\highlight3\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1 From this point on, I am highlighting sections of this document that need updating or I am just unsure about. - CH\par
\highlight0\par
Project Description (Brief):\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 2-3 paragraphs\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b Project Description (Detailed)\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 4-6 paragraphs\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 Unique Game Mechanics\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs26 List of what sets this game apart\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b Core Gameplay Mechanics (Detailed)\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb160\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs24\tab - Core Gameplay Mechanic\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b0\fs26\tab\tab - Detailed Description (1 - 2 paragraphs)\par
\tab\tab - How it works (1 - 2 paragraphs)\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb160\sl276\slmult1\cf2\b\fs24\tab\cf1\fs26\par
\cf0\b0\fs32 Story and Gameplay\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\f1\fs22\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs26 Story (Main Beats)\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\b0\f1\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\cf1\f0\fs26 Set in the Empire of Aurumlux, a nation under perpetual rule of the Kilbor family, who has ruled the land since the capital city of Aurumlux was first settled by Lucius Kilbor in the 5th Era\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}You are the lone child in a family of vagrants making your way from the Sapphire Coast to find employment in the mainland.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}You are abruptly awakened during your first night in Aurumlux to discover your family being forcefully taken by numerous cloaked figures. They do not notice you. You must discover the truth behind what happened. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Starting from nothing, you will do whatever it takes to recover your family before it is too late.\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b Story (Detailed) - May require revisions\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\b0\f1\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\cf1\f0\fs26 Aurumlux, a rich, expansive nation set directly to the east of the lowly, dilapidated Sapphire Coast, is a country in turmoil. Between the three classes of citizens, Royal, Labourist, and Barbaric, there is civil unrest. The upper-class, wealthy Royal families are in charge of most things. Shipping, trading, and mining. The Labourists are the common working class, who work the pubs, the shipping companies, and the general stores/markets. The Barbarians, however, are under the ball and chain of the "evil" Royal families, more particularly the Empyreal Kilbor family, who literally own the Barbarian population like slaves and uses them for cheap labor in the gem mines under the Three Peaks. The Barbarians were on the cusp of overthrowing the Empire when the late Emperor Kilbor the Third used his vast military forces to banish the Barbarians to the gem mines. All it would take is a few extra hands to help the Barbarians take back the castle, and claim Aurumlux for their rightful ownership, as it is their ancestral land.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Our hero, Ulvor, and his family of vagrants have made the journey from the desolate wastes of the Sapphire Coast, and have finally arrived in the bountiful land of Aurumlux in search of work. \par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b Gameplay (Brief)\par
Notes of Game World Lore:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\keep\keepn\fi-360\li720\sb200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b0 Unit of Money is 1 Lux = $1\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Coffee exists in this universe, but it is harvested from Genro crops, and the Genro Seeds are pressed and brewed to make Genolen, which is the Earth equivalent to coffee.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b Gameplay (Detailed)\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b0 Incorporate the Game Mechanics in a detailed description of gameplay\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\qc\ul\b Detailed Characters List\ulnone\b0\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf1 - Ulvor (Main Character): A young boy whose vagrant family is kidnapped upon arriving in Aurumlux. He gains the trust of the people of Aurumlux, and through honest jobs, gets the information he needs to bring down the Kilbor family for good.\par
\par
- Emperor Fennick Kilbor IV (Main Antagonist/Final Boss): A young Royal who is cast to the throne after the death of his father, Emperor Fennick Kilbor the Third. He is only a teenager, and is emotionally unstable, and doesn't fully understand the depth and complexities of politics. He was told by his late father to not let any new blood taint the soil of this once great land. The Barbarians are the ancestral race of Aurumlux, but they abandoned it eras ago once the Kilbor family claimed the throne and banished the impure Barbarians to the Sapphire Coast. Years later, when the Barbarians finally decided to wave the white flag and return to Aurumlux, the Emperor had Barbarians immediately banished to the gem mines, where they are never to leave. The Kilbor family has been in control of the country for so long, and they have been so blinded by wealth and power, that they no longer see that the races of Aurumlux are in turmoil. the new Emperor has carried his ancestral tradition wherein any new blood that enters the country is to be taken/arrested by Kilbor's secret guard, and are kept under lock and key in the dungeon below Kilbor Castle until a valuable purpose is discovered for them, usually cheap labor. If they prove to be of little to no use, they are dispatched. This murderous secret is the reason behind the kidnapping of Ulvor's family. \par
\cf0\tab\par
\b Locations & Questlines: \b0\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\qc\ul\b Area 1: Port Mireworth\cf1\ulnone\b0\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\par
\cf0 Rats in Riddles:\cf1  Alond the Barkeep asks you to clear some rats out of the basement of the Riddles Tavern. As a reward, he gives you \highlight3 +10 Respect points for Labourists, and 10 lux.\highlight0\par
\par
\cf0 Stone Cold Dead: \cf1 Kari the Marketeer keeps receiving boxes of dead mice delivered to her public market in the quiet of night, and she doesn't know who is doing it! She needs you to find out what is going on. As Ulvor explores Mireworth, he will eventually encounter a small Goblin encampment to the southeast of the Market, off in the forest in the direction of Nylar. Fight through the small Goblin encampment to speak with the Goblin commando Rado, who will tell you \highlight3 (after you do a quest for him?)\highlight0  that he has been trying to find a way to confuse the Market lady's boxes, so that one night he can swap out a box of rare fabrics and gemstones with a box of similarly-weighted dead mice, leftover food from the Goblin camp.\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\qc\cf0\ul\b Main Quest 1: "Like Thieves in the Night"\b0  \cf1\ulnone\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1 After Ulvor does the tasks of a few local residents (specifically the Bartender's quest, the Market Clerk's quest, the Crab's quest, and the mystic outside the Observatory - once all these quests are completed, you will have enough Respect to open the Observatory doors) until eventually he is led to the Observatory, where (after doing a quest for the Observatory worker) one of the workers there reveals that, with the help of their telescope, they have recently seen an increase in strange things being brought through the gates of Kilbor Castle. Things such as large boxes with a large amount of containment and supervision, and cages with what appear to be people inside, can't tell for sure as the castle is too far away. The Observatory staff isn't sure why anything like that would be happening at the Emperor's castle. \par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl276\slmult1 Area 2: Nylar Town\par
Area 3: Aurumlux City\par
Area 4: Barbarian Gem Mines\par
Area 5: Peak Threi\par
Area 6: Kilbor Castle\par
\cf0\b Sound Lists:\b0\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf1 - Ambience: Beach Cave, Ocean, Port Mireworth, Mylar Town, Aurumlux City, Barbarian Gem Mines, Peak Threi, Mountain Cave (?), Kilbors Castle\par
\par
- Character Sounds: Footsteps on dirt/grass/cave/snow, sword swing, grunt, magic ability, potion use, door open, player hit, player death, special attack yell, enemy attack sounds, enemy hit sounds, enemy death sounds, boss attack sound, boss death sound, boss hit sounds\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b - Code\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\b0\tab - Character Scripts\par
\tab\tab - List\par
\tab - Game Managers\par

\pard\fi720\sl276\slmult1\cf1\tab - List\par
\cf0 - NPC Scripts\par
\cf1\tab - List\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b - Art & Animation\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\b0\tab - Environment Art and Animations \par
\cf1\tab\tab - List\par
\cf0\tab - Character Art and Animations \par
\tab\tab - Player\par

\pard\fi720\li1440\sl276\slmult1\cf1 - List\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\tab\tab - NPC\par
\cf1\tab\tab\tab - List\cf0\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl276\slmult1\fs32 Schedule\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb160\sl276\slmult1\cf2\b\fs24\tab - Game Stage (Prototype, Alpha, Beta, Final)\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\f1\fs22\tab\tab - Time Frame\par
\cf1\f0\fs26\tab\tab\tab - Milestone\par
\tab\tab\tab - Milestone\par
\cf0\par
}
 